docs: Clarify how errors are handled in Server Actions (#66783)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/02-data-fetching/03-server-actions-and-mutations.mdx

}
```

Note that it is important to return an object instead of throwing an error here, because uncaught errors in Server Actions are considered to be internal server error and the error message [will not be sent to the client](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling#securing-sensitive-error-information) in production to avoid leaking sensitive information. See more information on [error handling](#error-handling) in Server Actions.

> **Good to know:**
>

> > - Before mutating data, you should always ensure a user is also authorized to perform the action. See [Authentication and Authorization](#authentication-and-authorization).

Reviewer: Clarify the differences between returning a serializable object vs throwing an error. You can do both, while a serializable object is useful for displaying form errors, you can still throw an error which will be caught by the nearest `error.js` boundary.

> **Good to know:**
>

> > - To display form errors in the user UI, you should return a **serializable object** instead of throwing an error (e.g. `throw new Error('...')`. Uncaught errors in Server Actions are considered to be an internal server error and the error message [will not be sent to the client](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling#securing-sensitive-error-information) in production to avoid leaking sensitive information. See more information on [error handling](#error-handling) in Server Actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - To display form errors in the user UI, you should return a **serializable object** instead of throwing an error (e.g. `throw new Error('...')`). Uncaught errors in Server Actions are considered to be an internal server error and the error message [will not be sent to the client](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling#securing-sensitive-error-information) in production to avoid leaking sensitive information. See more information on [error handling](#error-handling) in Server Actions.
```

### Error Handling

#### User Errors

Uncaught errors in Server Actions are considered to be internal server errors. As a result, in production, the error message is omitted and instead [a generic error with a digest](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling#securing-sensitive-error-information) is sent to avoid leaking potentially sensitive information.

> Therefore, if you want to return a user-friendly error message to be displayed in the UI, you should return a serializable object with the error message, rather than throwing an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To return a user-friendly error message to be displayed in the UI, you should return a **serializable object** with the error message, rather than throwing an error:
```

```ts filename="app/actions.ts" switcher
'use server'

export async function signIn(formData: FormData) {
  const passwordIsCorrect = await checkPassword(formData.get('password'))
  if (!passwordIsCorrect) {

>     return { error: 'Incorrect password' }

Reviewer: Nit: Return "Invalid Credentials", not just password for auth best practices. 

```suggestion
    return { error: 'Invalid email or password' }
```

Author: Good point! Thanks!

  }
  // ...
}
```

```js filename="app/actions.js" switcher
'use server'

> export async function signIn(formData) {
>   const passwordIsCorrect = await checkPassword(formData.get('password'))
>   if (!passwordIsCorrect) {
>     return { error: 'Incorrect password' }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export async function signIn(formData) {
  const passwordIsCorrect = await checkPassword(formData.get('password'))
  if (!passwordIsCorrect) {
    return { error: 'Incorrect email or password' }
```

  }
  // ...
}
```

> In the client, you can then use the returned object to display the error message. We recommend using the [`useActionState`](https://react.dev/reference/react/useActionState) hook to simplify this process. See [Server-side form validation](#server-side-form-validation) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the [`useActionState`](https://react.dev/reference/react/useActionState) hook to display the error message. See [Server-side form validation](#server-side-form-validation) for an example.
```

#### Server Errors

> When an **unexpected** error occurs, it'll be caught by the nearest [`error.js`](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling) or `<Suspense>` boundary on the client. Therefore you can use `error.js` to let the user know that something has gone wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an **unexpected** server error occurs, you can throw an error that'll be caught by the nearest [`error.js`](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/error-handling) or `<Suspense>` boundary on the client. 
```

> ```tsx filename="app/dashboard/error.tsx" switcher

Reviewer: Before the `error.js` example, we can add a minimum example of showing the try/catch in the server action.
